limit size of vec null/reserved (#434)
dfinity/candid: spec/Candid.md

M : <val> -> <constype> -> i8*
M(null : opt <datatype>) = i8(0)
M(?v   : opt <datatype>) = i8(1) M(v : <datatype>)

> M(v^N  : vec <datatype>) = leb128(N) M(v : <datatype>)^N  // N < 2097152 if <datatype> == null or reserved

Reviewer: There are more types of size zero: records where all fields are zero. Maybe write 
> if `|M(v : <datatype>)| = 0`

M(id(v*) : principal) = i8(1) M(v* : vec nat8)
```

Note:

> * Since `null` and `reserved` values take no space, to prevent unbounded sized message, we limit the length of `vec null` and `vec reserved` to be less than 2MiB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Since `null` and `reserved` values, and records of such values, take no space, to prevent unbounded sized message, we limit the length of `vec null` and `vec reserved` to be less than 2MiB.
```

> * Since `null`, `reserved`, `record {}`, and records of such values, take no space, to prevent unbounded sized message, we limit the total vector length of such zero-sized values in a message to be 2MiB. For example, if there are both `vec null` and `vec record {}` in a message, the length of both vectors combined cannot exceed 2MiB.

Reviewer: Maybe it's cleaner to give the length not in bytes, but rather elements? Because the problem is precisely that such elements have different sizes in different encodings.

```suggestion
* Since `null`, `reserved`, `record {}`, and records of such values, take no space, to prevent unbounded sized message, we limit the total vector length of such zero-sized values in a message to be 2465792 elements. For example, if a message contains two vectors, one at type `vec null` and one at type `vec record {}`, then the length of both vectors combined cannot exceed 2465792 elements.
```

Author: Sure. Where does the number `2465792` come from? It's more than 2MiB?

Reviewer: Did I miscalculate? Indeed I did, fixed :-D

Author: Yeah, let's make it 2000000. Easier for the human eyes.
